<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Nick at 7:37 PM Attendance: Present: Paul, Margaret, Nick, Peter, Michel, James, Benjamin Apologies: - Absent: - 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Margaret. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md ACTION: Nick: Peter asks that the second line of the debts be split into 3 separate points. Subject to the above correction: Passed without dissent Yes. 2. Reports &amp; Standing Items. Financial Situation as of 15-10-2019 (Peter)" />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/10-15/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2019-10-15T00:00:00+08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Nick at 7:37 PM Attendance: Present: Paul, Margaret, Nick, Peter, Michel, James, Benjamin Apologies: - Absent: - 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Margaret. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md ACTION: Nick: Peter asks that the second line of the debts be split into 3 separate points. Subject to the above correction: Passed without dissent Yes. 2. Reports &amp; Standing Items. Financial Situation as of 15-10-2019 (Peter)"><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2019-10-15T00:00:00+08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="831">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Nick at 7:37 PM Attendance: Present: Paul, Margaret, Nick, Peter, Michel, James, Benjamin Apologies: - Absent: - 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Margaret. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md ACTION: Nick: Peter asks that the second line of the debts be split into 3 separate points. Subject to the above correction: Passed without dissent Yes. 2. Reports &amp; Standing Items. Financial Situation as of 15-10-2019 (Peter)"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/10-15/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">October 15, 2019</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Nick at 7:37  PM</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="attendance">Attendance:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Present: Paul, Margaret, Nick, Peter, Michel, James, Benjamin</li>
<li>Apologies: -</li>
<li>Absent: -</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.</h2>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Margaret.
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick: Peter asks that the second line of the debts be split into 3 separate points.</li>
<li>Subject to the above correction: Passed without dissent Yes.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 15-10-2019 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$517.60 current, $252.55 start of year ($252.55 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>Expired, $40.86 start of year ($40.86  start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Load&amp;Go(new)
<ul>
<li>Expired, $27.89 start of year ($161.21 start 2018) [delete]</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2370.51 current, $2754.04 start of year ($3469.95 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 from expired Debit card (old)</li>
<li>$31.25 recovered from expired Load&amp;Go (new) [delete]</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$2888.11 (was $3213.04 start of year) ($3924.57 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month, $88.10 last, $870.10 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month, $75.74 last, $1090.57 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month, $12.36 last, ($220.47) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Debts
<ul>
<li>None</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul send off form to recover old load&amp;go funds balance left over.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 15-10-2019(Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>0 renewals/new in October $0</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in September $20</li>
<li>0 renewals/new in August $0</li>
<li>6 renewals/new in July $120</li>
<li>24 Current Paid Members, previous month was 23</li>
<li>302 Expired Members, previous month was 302</li>
<li>400 Members on meetup.com, previous month 391
<ul>
<li>We reached 400 members on meetup!</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul to ask LL about membership payment.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="3-events-status">3. Events status.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>November</p>
<ul>
<li>Quiz Night 2019, 2019-11-19 @ Belgian Beer Cafe
<ul>
<li>Ben/Paul can MC and do questions
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul will email/speak to Ben, choose a deadline?</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Email out the round/theme overview, when the questions are done? e.g. bonus rounds?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Entrance fee not breakeven?
<ul>
<li>Make it $5 members/$10 nonmembers
<ul>
<li>or $x a table? Usually bigger quizes, let&rsquo;s skip that for now</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Update calendar/event</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Send email promotion:
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Nick to draft email to send through to committee.</li>
<li>Send it ASAP</li>
<li>Ask for prize donations
<ul>
<li>If you know or work for an organisation that can sponsor prizes in return for promotion, speak up now</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>&ldquo;Please RSVP a week in advance, meetup or email&rdquo;
<ul>
<li>by Friday 8th November?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paul suggests also update calendar/meetup to.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Prizes:
<ul>
<li>O&rsquo;Reilly e-book vouchers?</li>
<li>Business email/calling/doorknocking?</li>
<li>Donations drive, spot prizes, incentives?</li>
<li>Jaycar/Altronics?</li>
<li>Vouchers?</li>
<li>Need enough 1st prizes to cover a winning table</li>
<li>MOTION: We budget $50 to add prizes to the pool if necessary after RSVP&rsquo;s close</li>
<li>Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Margaret. Everyone voted yes.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2019-11-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @  .
<ul>
<li><a href="https://beerpourium.com.au/">https://beerpourium.com.au/</a></li>
<li>(Very Close to buses and train:)
ACTION: Paul will find out about cider for Margaret:)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Committee Meeting - Because of quiz night, can we move to Tues 12 November.</li>
<li>Budget food? drinks?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>December 2019</p>
<ul>
<li>Christmas BBQ party King&rsquo;s Park 2019-12-07 11:00AM-2:00PM</li>
<li>MOTION: We budget $120 for food and drinks</li>
<li>Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Paul. All in favour Yes.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>January 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>(LCA Gold Coast Jan 13-17th)</li>
<li>Regular third Tuesday Committee meeting pencilled in</li>
<li>We could have a PLUG in the Pub</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>February 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday, 2020-02-11 AGM with lighting talks?</li>
<li>5-10 mins per talk or overview of LCA.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future</p>
<ul>
<li>Talk by Martin, Want to be at our best, promotion &amp; AV-wise.
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?</li>
<li>Godot: Free software game engine</li>
<li>Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)</li>
<li>RPi 4 demo</li>
<li>Blender</li>
<li>Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)</li>
<li>Snipe-IT (python inventory management)</li>
<li>Boostnote</li>
<li>Anki</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising.</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
<ul>
<li>(New address President X)</li>
<li>PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580</li>
<li>TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.</li>
<li>DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report complete
<ul>
<li>Done</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bendigo Bank
<ul>
<li>Done</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Auskey/Australian Business Register obsolete as of 2020-01 <a href="https://abr.gov.au/auskey">https://abr.gov.au/auskey</a></li>
<li>ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site</li>
<li>STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP</li>
<li>ACTION: Open Bendigo interest bearing bank.
<ul>
<li>We have our Certificate of Incorporation document and signatories needed.
TODO: Benjamin &amp; Nick ongoing.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Open Bendigo debit card.
<ul>
<li>We have our Certificate of Incorporation document and signatories needed.               <br>
TODO: Benjamin &amp; Nick ongoing.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Lawrence Lau borrowed AV gear ingest station, emailed to the list to use at the NASA Space hack challenge at Flux St Georges Terrace from Oct 9th - 21st.</li>
<li>Nick, Hosting currently working off Amazing credit. We still need to migrate server over to digital ocean VM which Ben provided. If we don&rsquo;t change soon we will need to spend more money on hosting, around about $70 per month. We could put to tender and pay someone to do.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2019-11-12 1930</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Nick 8:51 PM</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
