---
date: "2020-04-21T00:00:00+08:00"
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-04-21
---

# PLUG Committee meeting Agenda

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-03-17-minutes.md

## 2. Next committee meeting

    
## 3. Actions from previous meetings

ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
(New address President X)
PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580

Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC.
ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help.

ACTION: Peter 2018 & 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP

ACTION: Nick will help to get financial reports into the published site

ACTION: New Bendigo accounts, Benjamin/Peter/Nick - Banks require forms to be signed.
Back to the bank. Peter&Nick, Monday afternoon 2020-03-30

ACTION:
Update Spacecubed/Riff agreement

ACTION: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.

ACTION: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load and Go card and I will cash it.

ACTION: Server migration to Digital Ocean.


## 4. Reports

* Financial Reports

* Membership Report

## 5. Events

* Review of previous events
* Next month's meeting
* Future plans

## 6. General Business

# Minutes of Plug Committee Meeting 2020-04-21
8. Opening

    Meeting opened by Ben at 19:46pm

Attendance

    Present: Ben, Peter, Margaret, Nick, James
    Apologies: None
    Absent: Paul, Michel


## 0. Procedural Motion to move item 6 to item 2
  * Next meeting moved to first (amended to second) item of business

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
  * Ben votes to confirm the previous minutes, Margaret seconds, Peter thirds.
    * Passed.

## 2. Next committee meeting
  * 2020-05-19 Third Tuesday 7.30pm (Online @ Mumble)

## 3. Actions from previous committee meeting

* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC.
  * (Status: Still TODO)

* ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help
  * (Status: Still TODO)

* ACTION: Peter 2018 & 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
  * (Status: In progress, ETA 2020-04-22)

* ACTION: Nick will help to get financial reports into the published site
  * (Status: In progress, ETA 2020-04-22)

* ACTION: New Bendigo accounts, Benjamin/Peter/Nick - Banks require forms to be signed.
  * Back to the bank. Peter&Nick, Monday afternoon 2020-03-30
  * (Status: In progress)
  * ACTION: Nick to visit Peter to sign forms

* ACTION: Update Spacecubed/Riff agreement
  * (Status: Overdue. *pokes Paul*)

* ACTION: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.
    * (status: not done yet)

* ACTION: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load and Go card and I will cash it.
  * (Status: TODO)
  * ACTION: Follow-up with Paul

* ACTION: Server migration to Digital Ocean.
  * (Status: In progress)
  * Ben and Nick are working through migration to DO. 
      * New machine called "edison"
      * Primary DNS has been moved to edison.
      * Mail stack is completed + in testing, pending mail migration
      * UGMM work by Alastair being finished soon, last known blocker
      * All other services (mumble, web, mailman etc) should be ready for migration

## 4. Reports & Standing Items

* Financial Situation as of 2020-04-20 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit Card (old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
        * awaiting recovery
    * Bank Balance
      * $3128.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit Card (old) load & go.
      * 63.60 (?) Cash Awaiting Deposit
        * May have been claimed for reimbursement
    * Total Assets
      * $3824.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $1030.00 this month, $52.00 last, $1213.90 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $21.00 last, $165.24 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $1030.00 this month, $31.00 last, $1048.66 this year
  * Outstanding:
    * No outstanding debts


 * Membership Situation as of 2020-04-21
   * 1 new member: DB

## 5. Events
* Review of previous events
  * Various hack events, testing out IRC and BBB.
  * Second Tuesday 2020-04-14
      * Ben was happy with the hack events. Notes that BBB is incredibly cool, especially the ability to watch YouTube in sync, put up PDF-based slides, etc. Only missing push-to-talk!
      * Thanks to Nick, Ben for continued INFRA work

* Next month's meetings
  * Second Sunday 2020-05-10
    * PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon 12:00--16:00
    * Wings Whacky Games Night 18:00--20:00
        * Main events: 
          * [Tabletop Simulator](https://store.steampowered.com/app/286160/Tabletop_Simulator/), hosted by Wings (various games in TS)
          * Jackbox Games, hosted by Wings
          * http://pretendyoure.xyz/zy/
        * Secondary events:
          * Experimental stuff
        * TODO: Ben to Write up a rough plan + email, stick it into GCal + Meetup + Facebook
        * Due by 2020-04-23.
  
  * Second Tuesday 2020-05-12:
      * Socialise at 18:00, talk at 19:00 
      * Github Actions by jamesh
      * Online via Big Blue Button: include a URL in the announcement.

  * PLUG-not-in-the-Pub? Towel Day Monday 2020-05-25!
      * Online via IRC, Big Blue Button: include a URL in the announcement
      * Raise a glass to [DNA], 42nd anniversary of the HHGTTG radio plays

* Future plans
  * Quiz Nights, future Games Nights (depending on first one)

## 6. General Business

* Payment for DO to be taken over by PLUG
  * Proposed: Nick; Seconded: Margaret; MOTION: That PLUG take over the Digital Ocean payments as soon as practicable, and in the meantime reimburse new payments
    * For: 4 Against: 0 Abstain: 1 -> passed without dissent

Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:50 pm.
