---
date: "2020-05-19T00:00:00+08:00"
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2020-05-19
---

## 0. Opening.
* Meeting opened by Ben at 7:36 PM 2020-05-19

## Attendance.
* Present: Nick, Ben, Margaret, James, Paul, Peter
* Apologies: None
* Absent: Michel

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
  * Draft: https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-04-21-minutes.md
  * https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/04-21/
  * MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent? Yes.
 
## 2. Next Committee Meeting.
* Tuesday 2020-06-16 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button
  * Move to https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg ? Mumble as fallback

## 3. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 2020-05-18 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit card(old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3148.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $3845.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $20.00 this month, $1030.00 last, $1233.90 this year.
          * Last month's income included the proceeds from CCC0001 of $980.00
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $0.00 last, $165.24 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $20.00 this month, $1030.00 last, $1068.66 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
        * WarpspaceIT $250 possible
      * Receivables
        * Benjamin has invoiced CCC0002 for $1120 

* Membership Situation as of 2020-05-19 (Paul) *this is to date today*
  * I back tracked on previous data missed last month.
  * 1 renewals/new in May $10
  * 2 renewals/new in April $50 ($10 donation)
  * 2 renewals/new in March $30
  * 3 renewals/new in February $20
  * 3 renewals/new in January $70 ($10 donation)
* Membership trends:
  * 29 Current Paid Members April, previous month was 30
  * 30 Current Paid Members March, previous month was 26
  * 304 Expired Members April, previous month was 302
  * 302 Expired Members March, previous month was 300
  * 416 Members on meetup.com April, previous month 416
  * 416 Members on meetup.com March, previous month 410

## 4. Events Status.
* Review of recent events:
  * Second Sunday 2020-05-10
    * PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon 12:00--16:00
      * Some other informal hack sessions in this period
    * Wings Whacky Games Night 18:00--20:00
  * Second Tuesday 2020-05-12
  * How did the previous events turn out online? Any comments?
    * Lacked early promotion, early ones had turnout, but there's a downward trend - plus the occasional clash

* Forthcoming events:
  * PLUG-not-in-the-Pub? Towel Day Monday 2020-05-25!
      * Online via IRC, Big Blue Button: include a URL in the announcement
        * but! some pubs are open again now - anyone want to join in from out-and-about?
      * Raise a glass to [DNA], 42nd anniversary of the HHGTTG radio plays
  * June:
    * Second Tuesday 2020-06-09
      * James' talk?
      * Online with Big Blue Button?
    * Second Sunday 2020-06-14 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
      * Hack session online?
      * POSH meetup event, if existing, will say if in-person is available
  * July:
    * Second Sunday 2020-07-12 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2020-07-14
      * Online with Big Blue Button?
    * Near 2020-07-27? PLUG-in-the-Pub?
    * ACTION: Ben to pick a date in July for Games Night 2. By Friday evening.
* Future plans:
  * Quiz Nights, future Games Nights (depending on first one).

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC
  * Status: Still TODO
* ACTION: Peter: 2018 & 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
  * Nick: will help to get financial reports into the published site
  * Status: Done
* ACTION: Benjamin/Peter/Nick: New Bendigo accounts
  * In progress since https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/08-20/ (or since 2017)
  * Bank requires ID checks, forms to be signed
  * Status: Peter to sign, in-person at North Perth?
* ACTION: Paul: Update Spacecubed/Riff agreement.
  * Status: Paul Not done yet, will follow up
* ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys.
    * Status: Not done yet
* ACTION: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load Go card and I need to cash it.
  * Status: Not done yet
* ACTION: Server migration to Digital Ocean
  * Assigned to:
    * Nick: mail: RFT2019-11 (r2)
    * "Admin team": not-mail, preparation
  * Status: ETA end of June? (80% confidence)

## 6. New General Business.
* ACTION: Agreed to pay Warpspace IT's inv 2019-07/003 for RFT2019-01, RFT2019-02-WO1: total: $250
  * plug-ugmm v0.6.3 in https://github.com/plugorgau/ugmm/pull/13
      * Not acceptance tested? but we might not have the volunteer time to meaningfully do that.
      * We should be clearer in the future for the testing from now on forth.
* Domain name renewal
  * ACTION: Confirm with Tim? (Ben to follow up @ next hack session)
* Future Proposal: That PLUG get a 4G SIM for a "netbox" project? (easy portable venue-independent network hotspot and uplink) to cope with situations where the venue's network is not suitable for our devices.
  * https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/538533
    * based on https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/480652 
    * was $15/month postpaid, now $5/month for the first 12 months: "5GB", then unlimited at 1.5MBps (call it a ~500GB/month T1 link), with some COVID-19 bonus data sometimes
    * even a full year's worth of $60 is better than other prepaid offers
    * Can be auto-paid by our BPay
    * Would require a non-Telstra user to sign up: x?
    * Paul: I am happy to look into this and work out a few possible solutions and give information to committee. Using Aldi(Telstra)we can get any time! $15 for 3GB or $25 for 18GB with no excess and speed limiting.
      * but 500 > 18? and $5 < $25?
  * Paul has created Bendigo payment for Warpspace IT invoice $250 for approval.

Meeting closed by Benjamin at 9:00 PM.
