---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-02-16
date: 2021-02-16
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Benjamin at 19:45
  * Started: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg
  * Moved to mumble.plug.org.au this month

## Attendance
* Present: Ben, James, Margaret, Nick, Patrick, Peter
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent: x
* Guest: x

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-01-19-minutes.md
  * Proposed James, seconded Nick, passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* 2021-03-16T1930
  * https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg ?

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-02-15 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $702.60 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Debit card (old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year (Expired start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $209.55 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3657.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2029)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4610.97 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $8.00 this month, $60.00 last, $68.00 this year.
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $203.24 last, $203.24 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $8.00 this month, ($143.24) last,($135.24) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
        * $5.25 to Margaret
      * Receivables
        * $0.00
      * Transfers
        * $0.00

* Membership Situation as of 2021-02-16 (Margaret)
    0 renewals/new in February
    3 renewals/new in January $60 (incl donation)

* Membership trends as of 2021-02-16 (Margaret)
    x Current Paid Members February 30, previous month was 29
    x Expiring Members February 3, previous month was x
    x Expired Members February 306, previous month was 306
    x Members on meetup.com February, 446 previous month 423
    
## 4. Update bank accounts
- MOTION:
  - That Patrick Cody and Margaret Wood be added as signatories for our Bendigo bank accounts 633000-122346679 (two to sign) and 633000-175535996 (one to sign)
  - All existing signatories to remain
  - That security tokens be requested for Patrick Cody and Margaret Wood
  - That debit cards linked to 633000-17553599 be requested for Patrick Cody and Margaret Wood
  - That the postal address for our bank accounts be updated to 98 Leeds St, Dianella

Proposed: Nick, seconded: Peter. Passed without dissent
   
- ACTION: Margaret to phone Bendigo Bank North Perth branch to schedule an appointment (Nick, Peter, Margaret, Patrick)
   
## 5. Spacecubed Agreement
   * Can we specify the Town Hall if available?
     * Happy to move to another space in case of contention/another booking, we just want to use the Town Hall if it's available, near the front glass doors
     * We appreciate the space and will fit in with your requirements
     * (The new original 2020 document and the new 2021 document specifies the Vault)
   * The agreement says the booking finishes at 8 pm sharp (to allow the cleaners to do their work). This is not ideal if we don't start the talk until 7, but we could work towards it, e.g. no food and drinks after 7.30, pack up immediately after the talk finishes, rather than hanging around chatting.
Paul: They say this every year and have for the last few years. Just amend the agreement and send it back. That's what I usually do and they approve it.

## 6. Events Status
* Review of recent events
  * January PLUG-in-the-Pub: Seasonal Brewing Company
  * February Talk: Puppet
    - Attendance: 9 in person, 1 online 
    - Using room audio: problems with echo when we talked to remote presenter                                           
    - https://plugorgau.github.io/events/2021/puppet/
      - https://youtu.be/eyQR2Nb5TKc

* Forthcoming events
  * February
    * 2021-02-21 Michael Collins Jitsi party?
      * Blurb in email 2021-02-13
      * ACTION: jamesh to follow up with Michael about the room URL
  * March:
    * 2021-03-09 Event/Talk: Raspberry Pi Jam?
      * Benjamin: Learn more about the Minimagnus V2 Supercomputer
    * 2021-03-14 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2021-03-16 Committee Meeting
    * 2021-03-29 Plug-in-the-Pub ? J.B. O'Reilly's Leederville
      * 99 Cambridge St, West Leederville WA 6007
      * https://www.jboreillys.com.au/
  * April
    * 2021-04-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2021-04-18 Car Rally Scavenger hunt
      * Replaces second Tuesday
      * $10/car if you have a member
      * $20/car non-members wildcard entries?
      * prizes?
        * Looking for a winning car prize
        * Supercheapauto/Repco/Autobarn voucher
        * Car accessories
        * Map
        * RC Car
        * GTA game?
        * Quiz sponsors might have something suitable if we go doorknocking in February
        * mail PLUG list for upcoming events: March, April,May + sponsors wanted
    * 2021-04-20 Committee Meeting
  * May
    * 2021-05-09 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2021-05-11 Talk: JamesH about Editing Video with code (GStreamer Editing Services)
      * brought forward to have a regular talk/seminar event

  * June
    * 2021-06-08 Quiz Night? Ben to MC. Paul is happy to help organise
      * Sponsors wanted
      * If others want to help, let us know
      * Moved from May - needs more prep time?

* Future:
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub
        * Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park
        * Little Island Brewing, CBD
        * The Hampden, Nedlands
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  *  Future Games Nights?
    * no, not for a while
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... March+April?

## 7. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
  * Note update everything from Google Calendar (master)
  * ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders
  * ACTION: Paul happy to keep meetup.com up to date
  * ACTION: Benjamin: Will keep facebook.com up to date
  * ACTION: All: calendar, backup where needed
  * ACTION: ??? to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)
      * Find who has access to the account
* ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys
* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address?)
    * Suite 12a, 11 Regal Place, East Perth 6004
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* Domain name issue
  * .org.au holders need documentation of incorporation?
  * ACTION: Nick followup with Tim: final status is not confirmed as of 2021-02-16
* Numato Opsis
  * Harry found a blown buck regular IC
  * MOTION: Buy replacement+spares from element14, approximately $30 total
    * Proposed: Nick, Seconded: James
    * Passed without dissent
    * ACTION: Nick to order

## 8. New General Business
* Michael Collins emailed about setting up the first Jitsi Party on 21st February 4-8PM.

Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:03.
