---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2023-08-15
date: 2023-08-15
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Niall at 19:31 PM
  * VENUE: In person@JamesH
* Present: James, Niall, Nick, Peter
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent: Benjamin, Patrick
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2023-07-18-minutes.md
  * ACTION: Will edit post meeting

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2023-09-19 19:30 PM - Online

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation end of 2023-08-14 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $679.10 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $3.95 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3514.25 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4238.30 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $10.00 this month, $260.00 last, $550.15 this year
    * Expense
      * ($65.21) this month, ($127.15) last, ($729.86) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($55.21) this month, $132.85 last, ($179.71) this year
      * * Financial Situation end of 2023-07-18 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $679.10 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $69.16 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3384.25 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4173.51 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $140.00 this month, $109.60 last, $420.15 this year
    * Expense
      * ($127.15) this month, ($64.52) last, ($664.65) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $12.85 this month, ($45.08) last, $26.79 March, ($244.50) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
          * $86.30 cash to be checked if already booked
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box  

* Membership Situation as of 2023-02-21
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
  - Current Paid Members 28, previous month was 29
  - Overdue Members ?, previous month was ?
  - Expired Members 324, previous month was 319
  - Members on meetup.com 486, previous month 479

* ACTION: Niall: Review then refresh standing cloud budget? - done!
  * Get firm numbers of monthly cloud spend
    * Sponsorship request for ~$1600pa
    * AWS USD$51
    * DO USD$27
    * rsync.net USD$3
    * BBQ $150
    * meeting $30/month

- MOTION: Standing authority of $150/month is granted to use the PLUG debit card to pay the following expenses:
   - Hosting and related expenses, including but not limited to Amazon AWS, DigitalOcean, and rsync.net
   - Event expenses as required, including food and drink
   - meetup.com membership
     - Proposed: Niall, Seconded: Peter
     - Motion passed unanimously
  - Discussion
    - Recent actual monthly expenses for these categories have been $60-$80 per month, as above

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
  * July 2023
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Monday 2023-07-31: Stirling Arms, Guildford

  * August 2023
    * Second Tuesday 2023-08-08 PLUG Admin Infrastructure work
      * PLUG Admin infrastructure hack
      * Promotion can include reference to:
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianDay Wednesday 2023-08-16 (30th anniversary, founded 1993-08-16)
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianReleases Bookworm Release was Saturday 2023-06-10
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-08-13 12-4PM
    * In-person committee meeting: third Tuesday 2023-08-15

* Upcoming events:
  * September 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-09-10 12-4PM
    * Second Tuesday 2023-09-12 Talk
      * Matrix in 2023 by Michael Collins
      * Blurb: Michael from https://perthchat.org/ will be giving a presentation on the Matrix, a federated and secure communication standard that's becoming more popular in the open-source space. Topics covered will include new features/updates, the perthchat.org service and future plans for the network.
    * Committee Meeting Online: 2023-09-19 - Online
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Thursday 2023-09-28 PirateBar@Mount Hawthorn
      * ( ITLAPD-adjacent )
  * October 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH: 2023-10-08 - Artifactory
    * Second Tuesday talk: 2023-10-10 - Benjamin D-Silva: EMACS
    * Committee Meeting Online: 2023-10-17 - Online

  * November 2023
    * Second Sunday 2023-11-12
    * Second Tuesday 2023-11-14
    * PLUG Quiz?
      * Substitutes for last Monday? PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Last Monday 2023-11-27
      * Prizes: Sean@RedHat
  * December 2023
    * Xmas BBQ? with PLUG+POSH? Second Sunday 2023-12-10
  * January 2024
    * Second Tuesday AGM? 2024-01-09
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2024-01-14 12-4PM
    * Last Monday? PLUG-in-the-Pub

* Future talks?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work

* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ
    * Allowing us to focus on the remainder of the items

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in Meetup/Google calendar. Can email these once confirmed
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID" ?
  * facebook?

* ACTION Peter: pay DNS 2023-06-04: Invoice 0490 from White IT Solutions

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Bendigo bank signatories now: Niall, Peter, Paul, Benjamin, Nick, Patrick

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: Margaret to investigate how to update our details
      * ACTION: Niall to reach out to Margaret and confirm.
        * On hold till contact person returns to choir
- ACTION: Paul: Linux Australia grant money, when have stabilised our events.
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

## 6. New General Business

* Review Spacecubed agreement for 2023 - done
- ACTION: Paul will review and email committee
- Once thats done Niall can sign and do the in person induction - done
  - Extra RFID card:
    - Niall (AV kit) ..54, James ..97, Nick ..46

- Post-meeting busybee
  - Event calendars
  - Collecting PLUG-in-the-Pub cardinal point list
  - Website
  - Quiz?

## 7. Meeting closed by Niall at 21:09 PM