# Committee Minutes 2024-11-19

1. Attendees
    * Present:
       - Harry, Jacek, James, Nick, Paul, Wyatt
    * Apologies
       - none
2. Minutes of last committee meeting
https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2024/10-15/
    * Motion to accept minutes: Jacek, Seconded by: Paul
    * Passed without dissent.
    
3. Next Meeting
    * 21st January 2025, after AGM

4. Reports
    - Chairman / President Report
      - Thank you to everyone that has contributed to the recent events.
    - Secretary Report
    - Treasurer's Report
      - Savings: $3032.25
      - Debit: $163.23
      - Cash: $386.10 (October 2024) Action: Paul will email committee the report

5. Specific Business
    - ACTION xxx: Venue bookings "2024-10-28 From: Storm Clive-Smith <storm@spacecubed.com> [plug-ctte] Your Upcoming Events @Spacecubed"

        * Action: James to update website
        * Action: James will contact Benjamin USD$26.40/month for three months = AUD$120
          * Current bills are USD$13.20/month (downsized the instance)
        * Action: James will contact Benjamin and explain our offer and discuss options with him.
        * Action: In progress. PLUG Addresses updating. Harry will examine recorded information required and update - *Attempted to contact Peter Lyons. Will get his phone details and Benjamin contacts at the meeting. In progress.*
         * Action: In progress. Following up with Peter via phone.
          * associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
          * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
          * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
          * Action: James to investigate PAYID what is necessary once he has access to accounts.
            * Action: In progress. Nick and Wyatt to work though the UGMM processes to document them.
            * Action: In progress. Nick and Wyatt
            * [Group activity documents](https://hackmd.io/@plug/r1mD75lWkl/edit). Onboarding process not fully actioned yet, but the document to detail onboarding process has been done. e.g. event runsheets: recorded talks, BBQ, Quiz
        * Action: Not yet done. James to put SGM minutes on website.
        * Done: James/Nick to update Meetup and Google Calendar for 2024-11-12 event.
    
  * New Items:
    - Done on its way: Nick Form response: "2024-10-11 Matt Richardson [plug-ctte] October and November Community Event Gift Shipping"

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * November 2024
      * Second Sunday 2024-11-10 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2024-11-12
        * JasperG: Minecraft-server-in-Docker lightning talk
        * We did not set up recording. Seven attendees. https://dddperth.com/ , Saturday 2024-11-16
          * James attended. Met a few PLUG folks. Good value day, big venue at Optus Stadium.

  * Upcoming events:
    * November 2024
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub Thursday 2024-11-28
        * Due for a central: https://hyggebar.com.au/
          * Opening hours: Thu 1600--2200
          * Action: Paul to send an email
         
    * December 2024
      * Second Sunday 2024-12-08T11:00 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH
        * Vote for $150 proposed by Harry, seconded by James. Passed unanimously.
        * Special invite, past committee&friends.
    
        * Action: Paul to email committee.
        * Hosts James Paul 
        * Food James-some
        * Drinks Dan
        * Paul email
        * Collect final attendance RSVP: buy for 15 attendees?

    * January 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
      * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
        * tickets on sale now!
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
    * February 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-02-12 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-02-14 PLUG: Talk/seminar, Second Tuesday 
    * March 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-03-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-03-11 Raspberry Jam.
     * April 2025.
      * Second Tuesday 2025-04-08
     Linux install fest?(and anything else open..)

7. General business

  * Discussed the methods so far for finding events people with a view to some new methods.
  * Direct contacts.
  * Issues with hosting talks
     * Lack the hardware for recording
       * We used to have mixers, multiple cameras and microphones
       * Want a camera with higher definition recording and modern software
       * We have one "AVNODE1" set of good quality equipment
       * TODO: A superior streaming service. OBS possible option but has had issues in the past.
       * TODO: design a system for being able to easily stream (chat needs to be continued)  
       * Action: James to write a short doc about future AV setup.
         * Automatic network detection orchestration
     * No backup for broadcasting
     * Action: Harry to ask the PLUG list about what topics would interest them.


* Status of the South Australian Enthusiast Group. 
        * Action: Wyatt contact Linux Australia to find out about them and if they need assistance. Hosting can be provided by Linux Australia.
        
        * Action: Wyatt to host a PLUG stall in Geraldton to Show off linux installation.
    - sign up sheet for expressions of interest
    - Will be able to get recompensation from Linux Australia and PLUG.
* Action: Wyatt to email committee for how much.

* Discussion about 3G shutdown&blocking / 4G/5G VoIP emergency call access [Committee to email michele Rowland MP this document](https://hackmd.io/@loomhigh/HJ2Bu-jZyl)
  * discussion had. Not to be sent as written
  * PLUG is supportive of bringing government policy changes to the government.

9. Meeting finished at 20:15 on 2024-11-19
