---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-10-21
date: 2025-10-21
---

Meeting opened 19:47 PM
1. Attendees
    * Present: James, Nick, Dan
    * Apologies: Wyatt
    * Absent: Harry, Paul

2. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/09-16/
   - Proposed by James, seconded by Dan. Passed unanimously
3. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-11-18
4. Reports
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-10-21
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2,187.62
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $200.53
     * Cashbox: Paul to recount and confirm how much.
   * Membership at 2025-10-21
       * 23 current members, 2 overdue members
       * 1 renewal this month

5. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
        - Meetup APIs we were using seem to have bitrotted. Can't be deployed as is.
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - No action
    - ACTION: add Paul as an associate to the ABN
        - No action
    - ACTION: The list of contacts for our ABN need to be updated. At the moment they seem to reflect the 2011 committee.
        - No action
    - ACTION: The contact address for the ABN needs to be updated.
        - No action
    * ACTION: James to email plug@ about venue situation.
        * Got feedback from John McCabe-Dansted suggesting Peninsula Tavern.
        * Held an event at UWA eZone
    * ACTION: Harry to ask Onno about round table and consult committee for Plug in the Pub
        * Onno posted to list. Might have come out of discussions with Harry.
    * ACTION: James to reply to "Expression of Interest - Perth WA - Everything Open & PyCon AU"
        * Not done

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * September 2025
        * Saturday 2025-09-20 16:30 PLUG-in-the-Pub at piratebar.net, Mount Hawthorn
          * [Software Freedom Day](https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd)
          * 8-10 people. Some people coming from after DDD-Perth
          * One person offered to pay to join. James suggested paying via direct deposit rather than cash. It looks like he hasn't done so, so perhaps should have sorted it out on the day.
            * ACTION: Dan: Chase up, details in UGMM
    * October 2025
        * 2025-10-08: PLUG Talk: Statecharts by Harry McNally
            * Held at UWA eZone (EEE Building)
            * Had a bunch of UCC folks along too
            * 10-15 people?
            * Slides + example: https://www.ucc.gu.uwa.edu.au/media/tech/2025/HMC_qpc-state-machines_PLUG+UCC_2025-10-08/
        * PLUG+POSH Sunday 2025-10-12 12:00
            * Focus: get email working on `iec.plug.org.au`
            * 5 attendees
            * We got web, ugmm, mailman, incoming email migrated to iec.
            * Mail for alastair gets forwarded back to old server.
            * Possible future tasks: https://github.com/orgs/plugorgau/projects/2/views/1
  * Upcoming Events
    * November 2025
        * Sunday 2025-11-09 PLUG+POSH
        * Monday 2025-11-10 John McCabe-Dansted: Workshop or workshops: home backups server: Raspi 0W, Samba, BTRFS snapshots
            * UCC Cameron Hall, in collaboration with UCC
              * Doors lock at 19:00, call the clubroom phone
              * Could use a sign on door near the UWA Guild Tavern
            * UWA Hackett Entrance #2
            * Free parking after 5pm on campus
            * Dinner run 17:45 -> Broadway Fair, people coming back 18:30-19:00
            * Free Pi0W for members!
            * BYO PSU / microUSB power, microSD card
            * Connecting to our own PLUG wifi?
              * need Ethernet uplink
            * Trial runs possible Monday 2025-10-27, 2025-11-03
            * ACTION: ??? Event promo: Calendar - Nick, then meetup.com, events.raspberrypi.com
        * Wednesday 2025-11-26 PLUG-in-the-Pub, The Island at Elizabeth Quay
            * Need to announce on Meetup.
            * Book table?
    * December 2025 - BBQ?
        * BBQ on second Sunday 2025-12-14 11:00?
            * Consider inviting past committee members and other lapsed members.
            * Need to advertise on Calendar/MeetUp now. Organise actual event next month.
    * January 2026 - AGM?
        * Second Tuesday 2026-01-13 19:00?
            * Try to organise with UWA again? Hire a room?
        * Need to have a venue where we can at least hold elections.
        * PLUG-in-the-Pub Phat Brew, City West?
    * Future events
      * Round-table discussion:
        * Set a topic, structured theme, hedgedoc with conversation starter ideas
        * Promising format
      * Onno: mentioned hosting a meetup to discuss what members want from PLUG 
      * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
        * 2025-07-24 Happy to plug PLUG
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.
        * Regular venue at Collins St Centre, South Perth with JAFWA?

7. General business
  * Venues
    * List call out, as above
    * UWA venues available for booking, when co-hosted by staff/students
    * Pubs and function rooms: preferably PLUG-in-the-Pub schedule every second month
      * November, or January - AGM time
  * Could use some mailing list moderators - Mike volunteered, previous list poster, might join
    * Rationalise the lists and list passwords
    * Create a moderator password for public lists?

8. Meeting finished at 20:45 PM
