---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-11-18
date: 2025-11-18
---

Meeting opened 19:59 PM
1. Attendees
    * Present: Dan, James, Harry, Nick
    * Apologies: Wyatt
    * Absent: Paul

2. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/10-21/
   - Proposed by Nick, seconded by Harry. Passed without dissent
3. Next Meeting: AGM, subject to venue
   - Next Committee meeting Tuesday 2026-01-20?
4. Reports
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-11-18
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2,237.62
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $141.56
     * Cashbox: Paul to recount and confirm how much.
   * Membership at 2025-11-18
       * 23 current members (+0)
       * 5 overdue members (+3)
       * 1 renewal this month (+0)

5. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - No action
    - ACTION: add Paul as an associate to the ABN
        - No action
    - ACTION: The list of contacts for our ABN need to be updated. At the moment they seem to reflect the 2011 committee.
        - No action
    - ACTION: The contact address for the ABN needs to be updated.
        - No action
    * ACTION: James to reply to "Expression of Interest - Perth WA - Everything Open & PyCon AU"
        * No action

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * November 2025
        * Sunday 2025-11-09 PLUG+POSH
            * 5 attendees.
        * Monday 2025-11-10 John McCabe-Dansted: Workshop or workshops: home backups server: Raspi 0W, Samba, BTRFS snapshots
            * 6 attendees
            * Reset PLUG wifi, also used phone internet
  * Upcoming Events
    * November 2025
        * Saturday 2025-11-22 [Installfest](https://www.plug.org.au/events/2025/installfest_november/)
            * Collins Street Centre
            * Harry and Nick have successfully tested a 5GHz point-to-point wifi uplink
            * Any change to choice of live USBs ?
            * Harry to install IRC server
        * Wednesday 2025-11-26 PLUG-in-the-Pub, The Island at Elizabeth Quay
            * Book table?
    * December 2025
        * BBQ on second Sunday 2025-12-14 11:00?
            * Target: 12 attendees, pending more RSVPs 
            * Consider inviting past committee members and other lapsed members
              * ACTION: Nick, James, Dan?
            * Need to advertise on Calendar/MeetUp now. Organise actual event next month
            * To bring:
              * James: sausages+onions+sauce
              * Dan: ice+esky
              * Nick: Drinks+bread
    * January 2026
        * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH?
        * AGM: 2026-01-13 18:00 to 20:00 - date subject to venue availability
            * Hire a room at Collins St Centre, South Perth? $20/hour? plus deposit
            * Try to organise with UWA again? Hire a room? Space for 50 in the upstairs room.
            * Need to have a venue where we can at least hold elections.
            * Benjamin Lupton is willing to be a speaker
            * Need a projector? Large monitor?
            * ACTION: (jamesh): update members@ subscriber list. Make sure we call for nominations in the announcement.
              * plus meetup.com event
        * PLUG-in-the-Pub
          * Rockingham? or
          * Phat Brew, City West as a fallback
    * February 2026
        * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH?
        * Second Tuesday? Raspberry Jam/Microbackup workshop encore
    * March 2026
        * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH?
        * Installfest?
        * PLUG-in-the-Pub
          * March: Irish pub? JB O'Reilly's?
    * April 2026
        * Resolute Raccoon!
    * Future events
      * Round-table discussion:
        * Set a topic, structured theme, hedgedoc with conversation starter ideas
        * Promising format
      * Onno: mentioned hosting a meetup to discuss what members want from PLUG 
      * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
        * 2025-07-24 Happy to plug PLUG
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.
        * Regular venue at Collins St Centre, South Perth with JAFWA?

7. General business

8. Meeting finished at 21:07 PM
