---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-09-16
date: 2025-09-16
---

Meeting opened 19:45 PM
1. Attendees
    * Present: James, Nick, Harry
    * Apologies: Wyatt
    * Absent: Paul, Dan

2. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/08-19/
   - Proposed by James, seconded by Nick. Passed unanimously.
3. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-10-21
4. Reports
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-09-16
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2,167.62
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $250.47
     * Cashbox: Paul to recount and confirm how much.
   * Transferred $200 to the debit card account.

5. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - No action
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - No action
    - ACTION: add Paul as an associate to the ABN
        - No action
    - ACTION: The list of contacts for our ABN need to be updated. At the moment they seem to reflect the 2011 committee.
        - No action
    - ACTION: The contact address for the ABN needs to be updated.
        - No action
    * ACTION: James to email plug@ about venue situation.
        * DONE: https://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2025-September/085075.html plus posted to Matrix channel.
        * No responses on list yet.
        * See also General Business

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * August 2025
        * Saturday 2025-08-23 Installfest
            * Happened at Collins St Centre in collaboration with JAFWA
            * https://www.plug.org.au/installfest
            * 15 attendees
            * Used phone for internet, bridged to Beryl router. Venue seems to be a bit of a coverage deadspot.
            * ubuntu, debian xfce-kde-gnome, mint cinnamon-mate-xfce, fedora
            * we still have all of the USB keys to reuse or rewrite
            * Equipment to return:
                * Harry has Brad Campbell's switch to return
                * Harry has switch and wireless antenna from Karl (donation to PLUG)
                * Harry has posters etc
            * Ran in collaboration with JAFWA under their insurance. May be able to run future events at Collins St independently with LA insurance.
            * Next time:
              * Local chat; or connect to Matrix, OAUTH social logins available on Matrix.org
              * Want people to connect with us on Matrix or list email after the event rather than give them emphemeral channels
    * September
        * PLUG+POSH Sunday 2025-09-14 12:00
            * Focus: get email working on `iec.plug.org.au` ?
            * 3 attendees
            * todo: get online chat going! bring demo laptop?
  * Upcoming Events
    * September 2025
        * Saturday 2025-09-20 16:30 PLUG-in-the-Pub at piratebar.net, Mount Hawthorn
          * [Software Freedom Day](https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd)
    * October 2025
          * ACTION: Harry to ask Onno about round table and consult committee for Plug in the Pub
    * November 2025
        * Wednesday 2025-11-26 PLUG-in-the-Pub, The Island at Elizabeth Quay
    * December 2025 - BBQ?
        * BBQ on second Sunday 2025-12-14 11:00?
            * Consider inviting past committee members and other lapsed members.
    * January 2026 - AGM?
        * Second Tuesday 2026-01-13 19:00?
        * Need to have a venue where we can at least hold elections.
    * Future events
      * Round-table discussion:
        * Set a topic, structured theme, hedgedoc with conversation starter ideas
        * Promising format
      * Onno: mentioned hosting a meetup to discuss what members want from PLUG
      * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
        * 2025-07-24 Happy to plug PLUG
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
 
 * John McCabe-Dansted: Workshop or workshops: home backups server: Raspi 0W, Samba, BTRFS snapshots
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.

7. General business
  * Email from Business Events Perth, titled "Expression of Interest - Perth WA - Everything Open & PyCon AU"
    * They are possibly offering [Business Event Funding](https://www.businesseventsperth.com/host-an-event/funding-incentives/business-event-funding/)
    * No current bid underway from the PLUG members, but we are interested in anyone who is
    * Also, contact [PythonWA](https://www.pythonwa.com/) directly
    * ACTION: James to reply
  * Venues
    * List call out, as above
    * UWA venues available for booking, when co-hosted by staff/students
    * Pubs and function rooms: preferably PLUG-in-the-Pub schedule every second month
      * November, or January - AGM time
  * Server migration still going slowly.
      * Tackling SMTP, which is required for migrating mailing lists and ugmm. Posted plans to admin@ list.
      * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/admin/2025-September/012205.html

8. Meeting finished at 21:05 PM
