---
title: PLUG Meeting Agenda 2019-08-20
---

# PLUG Meeting Agenda 2019-08-20.

## 0. Opening
Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:32 PM

Attendance:
* Present: Benjamin Artnzen (Chair), James Henstridge (OCM), Nick Bannon (Vice-Chair), Peter Lyons (Treasurer)
* Apologies: Margaret, Paul, Michel
* Absent: None
* Guests/Observers: Lawrence

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James, Nick Passed? Yes.
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 20-08-2019 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year  ($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * $40.86 current, $40.86 start of year            ($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * $0.00 current, $27.89 start of year    ($161.21 start 2018)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2552.71 current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)
    * Receivables
      * $31.27 from expired Load&Go (new)
    * Total Assets
      * $3061.19 (was $3309.34 start of year)   ($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month,     $120.00 last, $702.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month,     $0.00 last, $904.15 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $0.00 this month,    $120.00 last, ($202.15) this year
  * Outstanding
    * Debts
      * $71.22 for AWS June 2019
      * $75.56 for AWS July 2019
    * Receipts
      * $78.90 from Donations (to be confirmed)
  
* Membership Situation as of 20-08-2019(Paul)
  * 0 renewals/new in August $0
  *	6 renewals/new in July $120 + donations
  *	7 renewals/new in June $140 + donations
  * 4 renewals/new in May $80
  * 23 Current Paid Members, previous month was 28
  * 302 Expired Members, previous month was 297
  * 389 Members on meetup.com, previous month 384
  * Note: A lot of our memberships expire around March-September

----
## 3. Events status.
* September
   * 2019-09-10: Benjamin on MooseFS & The Elastic NAS
   * 2019-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub ITLAPD@ piratebar.com.au Nick Arrrr!.
   ACTION: Nick: Promote on the mailing list.
* October
   * Talk or maybe a good idea to work on AV/Admin/your own project?
     * ACTION/TODO: Make an agenda
* November
   * Quiz Night, 2nd Tuesday November? 2019-11-12
     * ACTION/TODO: Lock in some basics in the coming week or two - committee and main mailing list
     * Venue
       * Try near the city?
       * Belgian Beer Cafe function room?
       * Last Drop? out of the way, south?
     * Quizmaster/MC?
       * MC?
         * Ask Magnus "Danger" Magnus?
         * James Bromberger?
         * others?
       * Ben could contribute to questions 
     * Prizes?
       * O'Reilly e-book vouchers?
          * We last requested a voucher on April 2014.  Search for "book request for Perth Linux User Group" in committee list archives.
       * Business email/calling/doorknocking
       * Donations drive, spot prizes, incentives 
     * Questions should be more general knowledge - 
       Benjamin suggests 80% or more be general knowledge, remaining
       be open source/Linux-based questions
       (Nick suggests a bonus round, or a separate quiz for those?)
   * Talk or maybe a good idea to work on AV/Admin/your own project?
   * 2019-11-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ ?
* December
   * Christmas BBQ party.
   ACTION: choose date
     * Sat 7th or Sun 8th - maybe at POSH?
       * https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Hackers/events/tvgcnqyzqblb/
       * ACTION: Nick: check costs?
     * over Sat 14th or Sunday 15th?
     * First weekend may be better before Christmas parties.
* Future
   * Talk by Martin, Want to be at our best, promotion & AV-wise.   * First weekend may be better before Christmas par  ties.

   ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
   ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?
   * Godot: Free software game engine
   * Puppet talk in future, Benjamins contact
   * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)
   * Paul, Leon doing his LCA2020 talk if approved
   * RPi 4 demo

## 4. General Business and Matters Arising.
* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
  * (New address President X)
  * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
  * TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.
  * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site
  * DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report has been done.
  * Auskey/abr. Paul, I was told once you update that the ato will be updated, will wait for Peter.
* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP

* Motion to open an interest bearing bank account
  * MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an
    interest-bearing savings account with Bendigo Bank with
    the same approved signatories as our current Bendigo
    Transaction account.
     * Benjamin Arntzen proposes, Nick Bannon seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.

* Motion to open a bank account (one-to-sign) and get a debit card to use instead of load-and-go card.
  ACTION: We where going to vote on the above in August.
  * MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an
    account with Bendigo Bank suitable for use with debit/credit
    card transactions, with the same approved signatories as our
    current Bendigo Transaction account.
     * Benjamin Arntzen proposes, James Henstridge seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.

  * MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the Chair
    to request a Visa or Mastercard debit card attached
    to the above account.
     * Nick Bannon proposes, James Henstridge seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.

  * MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the Treasurer
    to request a Visa or Mastercard debit card attached
    to the above account.
     * Nick Bannon proposes, James Henstridge seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.

## 5. New General Business.
  * Big thanks to Benjamin for buying us a digital ocean server VM. Please send us the receipt so I can send to Linux Australia.
  * If AV and or Admin would like to give a quick report. 
    (Please keep it short for everyone working tomorrow:)
  * Nick reimbursement request for Amazon AWS credit  13 Aug 2019 PAYPAL *WASIS AUD$35.12
    * MOTION: Reimburse Nick $35.12 for Amazon AWS credit
      * James proposes, Peter seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.
    * MOTION: Reimburse Benjamin $71.22 for Amazon AWS emergency payment
      * James proposes, Nick seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.
    * MOTION: Reimburse Peter $75.56 for Amazon AWS emergency payment
      * James proposes, Benjamin seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.

  * AV publicity material
    * Lawrence: borrow video camera, create flyer, greenscreen background? 
----
## 6. Next committee meeting.
* Tuesday 2019-09-17 1930

Meeting closed by Benjamin 8:51 PM
