---
title: "A look at Ubuntu Intrepid Ibex, Virt-Manager, KVM, VirtIO, FreeNAS and OpenArena"
date: 2008-11-11T19:30:00+08:00
presenters:
  - Adrian Woodley
---

(Or "What Adrian's been playing with this week")

<!--more-->

As most of you will be aware, Intrepid Ibex, the newest update to
Ubuntu, was released last week. Overall there are only minor
improvements on Hardy Heron, Intrepid does come with some new versions
of some interesting systems.

One of these in particular is Virt-Manager. Virt-Manager is a GUI
front end for several hypervisors. Currently it supports Xen, QEMU and
KVM. While possibly not suitable for large scale or server
environments, Virt-Manager does make playing with virtual machines
incredibly easy. I'll be focusing on using Virt-Manager with KVM and
VirtIO.

Having the flexibility of a virtual environment to play in has allowed
me to try out a heap of software, systems and distributions which
otherwise would have been painful and time consuming. I intend to
demonstrate a couple that I've come across in the past week, including
FreeNAS and Nexenta.

On an entirely different tack, I've been having a play with some games
which are packaged and available in Ubuntu, namely Open Arena, Alien
Arena and Tremulous. If all goes well, we should be able to have a
play of these on the big-screen.

Lastly, I'd like to hold a bit of a discussion on an idea I've been
thinking about lately; Distributed Network Monitoring. I'll elaborate
more on my idea during the presentation and will be looking for some
feed back on its usefulness and viability.

(It should be noted that I haven't actually prepared any of this, so
don't expect slides or any in-depth knowledge on any of the above
topics! Patrick only approached me on tuesday to fill in.)

Adrian is a Systems Engineer at iiNet. At iiNet he deals with the
email network, ADSL network and security. Adrian currently holds the
title of "Most prolific PLUG presenter", having previously presented
"All the wonders of LDAP revealed!!! (Eggs and all major vegetables
accepted.)", "Samba Networking", "Everything you ever wanted to know
about VoIP, SIP and Asterisk, but didn't know who to phone", "Virtual
Email Hosting" and "Network Monitoring".
