---
layout: page
title: AGM Archive 2017
permalink: /events/AGM/2017/
---

## Perth Linux Users Group – Annual General Meeting 2017 – Minutes

Held at 45 St Georges Terrace Perth CBD. Spacecubed.org on Tuesday 10th of January 2017 at 7:30 PM

## 0. Opening
Paul opened the meeting at 19:35

## 1. Confirmation of Minutes of the 2016 AGM
Paul proposed the minutes sent to the mailing list were true and correct.

Michael Van Delft seconded the minutes.

## 2. Committee Reports (including accounts)
Played Video from William Termini

Paul made president's address, spoke about the events that we have run over the year.

There were ten main meeting / talks, the AGM and the end of year barbeque

There were 33 members (paid and current)

Every 3 months we have a PLUG in the PUB. There was discussion that the Moon and Sixpence will be closing soon. Durty Nelly's was suggested as a possible replacement.

Peter Lyons presented the Treasurer's Report:

* Position at the end of 2016:
  * Current Assets	$4,479.40
  * Current Liabilities	$0.00
  * Revenue 	$711.63
  * Expenditure	$1,295.81
  * Net Outgoings	($584.18)

Nick Bannon mentioned that there were organisations that would give out grants such as IIA and LotteryWest.

## 3. Election of 2017 Committee

* President
  * Benjamin Arntzen
* Vice President
  * Paul
* Secretary
  * Nick Bannon
* Treasurer
  * Peter Lyons
* Ordinary Committee Members
  * Margaret Wood
  * Dean Bergin
  * Michael Van Delft

## 4. General Business
There was discussion about changing the AWS instance to a cheaper instance type. It is currently too old to change (it’s PVM not HVM)

There was also discussion about the need for a refresh of the AV kit.

## 5. Meeting Close

Paul closed the meeting at 20:10
