---
layout: page
title: AGM Archive 2020
permalink: /events/AGM/2020/
---

# Perth Linux Users Group - Annual General Meeting 2020 - Minutes

* Our venue has been provided by Spacecubed.com
  * Located at 45 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000 on Tuesday 11th February 2020 at 7:00 PM.

## Minutes

0. Opening. Starting 7:12 PM by Benjamin.
  * The attendance is Nick, Margaret, Peter, Alastair, Lawrence, Paul, Patrick, Benjamin, James.
  * Apologies from Niall and Michel.

1. Confirmation of the minutes of the previous AGM.
  - [https://www.plug.org.au/events/AGM/2019/](/events/AGM/2019/)
  - Date: 2018 should read as 2019.
  - List quorum correctly for 31 members. (5.567...)
  - Margaret moves that the minutes are accepted, seconded by Alastair.
    - 8 Yes and 1 Abstained.

2. Committee Reports. (Including accounts)
    1. President's Address.
      * Three major goals AV, Infrastructure and Admin.
    2. Treasurer's Report.
      * Presented:
        * [Treasurers_Report-2018.odp (145 KiB)](/documents/2019/Treasurers_Report-2018.odp)
        * [Treasurers_Report-2019.odp (247 KiB)](/documents/2020/Treasurers_Report-2019.odp)
      * MOTION: Nick moves that the summary financial report figures be added to the minutes of the 2019 AGM and 2020 AGM, Margaret to second. 7 Yes 1 No and 1 Abstained.
    3. Secretary Report.
      * Verbal only.

3. Election of 2020 Committee.

  * The Nominations are-
    * Chairperson:
      * Benjamin.
      * Nick. (Withdrawn)
  * Vice Chairperson:
    * Benjamin (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Nick
    * Paul (Withdrawn)
  * Treasurer:
    * Peter
    * Nick (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Paul (Withdrawn)
  * Secretary:
    * Nick Bannon (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Paul Del.
  * OCM:
    * Benjamin (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Nick (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Paul Del (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Margaret Wood.
    * Peter (No longer eligible due to election)
    * Michel Nzikou.
    * James Henstridge.

4. General Business.
  * Peter suggests treasurer's documentation is collated and centralised.
  * Margaret would like to check value for money on meetup.com.
  * Once we reduce hosting costs we could redistribute funds.
  * Alastair asked if we had a marketing budget. (We currently don't)
  * We can apply for grant money with Linux Australia.
4.1 Other Business.
  * Alastair suggests other channels to get new members universities, high school computing, related companies like Pawsey and related professional associations.
  * Lawrence mentioned sponsorship ideas and also the places Alastair mentioned above.
  * Patrick mentioned raspberry pi jam event.
  * Benjamin's speech about the future.
      * Get PLUG's services infractructure sorted first.
      * Secondly sort out our AV setup.
      * Thirdly is to provide more value to members ie shells, email, irc, git, usb, stick, pi zero.
* Benjamin Thanks the committee, members and wider community for help during the year and hopes for a better 2020. Peter moves a MOTION to thank Benjamin and Alastair seconds it. All Yes.

5. Meeting Close at 8:25 PM.
 * Food/Drinks supplied, we had soft drink and pizza's :-)
