---
title: AGM Archive 2003
---

Date: Wed, 12 Feb 2003 14:32:14 +0800 (WST)
From: "Anthony J. Breeds-Taurima" <tony@cantech.net.au>
To: "P.L.U.G." <plug@plug.linux.org.au>
Subject: [plug] AGM last night

Hi everyone,
	FOr those of you that couldn't make it along last night here is a
summary of what happend.  Note these are note minutes per se.

A special thanks the the annonymous author!

35/36 attendees (4/5 Fem)
Apologies
	Harry and Jacqueline McNally
	Bret and Anne Busby
	Trevor Phillips
	if we forgot you I'm sorry

Summary of the last 12months :)
Done:		Purchased a laminator (m/ship cards)
		Barcode chat.. = discounts ?
		Conference. BIG SUCCESS :)

Todo:	Bank Account
	Logo finalization (voting on site etc)
	Find a perm home for PLUG meetings (TAFE ?)
	Move web/home dir functions from spark to XBOX :)
	Put more things about the committee on the web pages

(NB You should all give the wonderfull MissKim a short bio on yourselves
so I can put that on the linmag pages too ) :)

Financials	$250 odd, filled under M
	
Mailing list stats	150-200 members
			40 odd paid up members of PLUG :(

Thanks to LinuxIT (Plug servers)
	  Jason Nicholls  (Hardware donation)


Voting outcome:

Pres:	Tony Breeds-Taurima
Vice:	Bernard
Sec:	Mark Gaynor
Treas:	Mark Tearle
OCM:	Leon & Clare

The 3 non-committee positions will be filled within a month. Sofar we
have several volenteers.  More details on this shortly.

General Business:
Suggestions:		Regular Installfests (quarterly) Leon
                          - incl. demo systesm
			Workshops (Including manual/handbook)  Zillah
                          - so when people lave they know what they have.
			Fundraising MissKim
			Monthly meetings - demonstations Craig
			Web :	More about PLUG/Committee
                           - perhaps make static pages exists outside the NUKE
                             framework.


Yours Tony.
