---
title: AGM Archive 2010
---

<h2>PLUG Annual General Meeting, 2010</h2>
<p>
<b>Title:</b> PLUG Annual General Meeting, 2010<br>
<b>When:</b> Tuesday, 9th March 2010, 7:30pm - 9:00pm. <br>
<b>Where:</b> '<a href="http://www.futuresphere.com.au">Futuresphere</a>', Christ Church Grammar School, Queenslea Drive, Clarem
ont<br>
</p>
<p><b>Summary for the impatient</b>
<p>The new PLUG committee for 2010 is:
<ul>
<li><b>President:</b> Timothy White
<li><b>Vice President:</b> Nick Bannon
<li><b>Secretary:</b> Peter Lyons
<li><b>Treasurer:</b> Mark Gaynor
<li><b>Ordinary Committee Members:</b> Patrick Coleman, Alastair Irvine
</ul>
<hr>
<b>Full Minutes</b><br>
<p><b>Meeting opened Tuesday March 9th at 19:51.</b>
<p>Members present included:
<ul>
<li>Daniel Beard
<li>Nick Bannon
<li>Harry McNally
<li>Mark Gaynor
<li>George Backlund
<li>Tim White
<li>Peter Lyons
<li>Alistair Irvine
<li>Milan Pospisil
<li>Lee Potts (Visitor)
<li>Sara White (Visitor)
</ul>
<p><b>Motion: that the minutes of the previous AGM be accepted</b><br>
Moved: Peter L; Seconded: Harry Mc; Passed
<p><b>Presidents Report</b><br>
Via Email
<p><b>Treasurer's Report</b>
<ul>
<li>Balance $3521
<li>Need to get security key for bank account ($20). Minimal expenditures. Similar to last year
</ul>
<p><b>Autofs (wiki.autofs.net)</b><br>
Autofs Wiki removed from PLUG server due to security vulnerabilities leading to junk content and increased server load.
<p><b>Server Migration</b><br>
Migration to new HP server still in progress.
Alastair volunteers to assist with new server migration and regular maintenance. Etch hit end of life. Need a policy about security updates (to be sorted out by admin).
<p>Alastair moves motion to establish a policy soon after the AGM (within a month) for how long between security updates on the servers.<br>
Seconded: Mark<br>
6 Votes for, 0 against. Motion passed without dissent
<p><b>Constitution</b><br>
Motion that Committee in the next few months attacks the constitution to make it more appropriate for what PLUG does.<br>
Moved: Mark G; Seconded: Peter L; 7 votes for, 0 against. Motion passed without dissent
<p><b>Committee Reports on membership</b><br>
Motion that committee reports on past and future methods of attracting and retaining membership (and Alastair volunteers to assist with the creation of the report).<br>
Moved: Alastair; Seconded: Mark; 7 votes for, 0 against. Motion passed without dissent.
<p><b>Motion: That standing orders be suspended</b><br>
Moved: Harry Mc; Seconded: Peter; Passed
<p><b>Standing orders suspended. Harry Mc appointed returning officer.</b>
<p><b>Committee Election</b>
<ul>
<li><p><b>President</b><br>
Nominations:<br>
Patrick C nominated Tim W, seconded Harry Mc.<br>
<br>
No further nominations.<br>
Tim W elected President unopposed.</p>
<li><p><b>Vice President</b><br>
Nominations:<br>
Nick B nominates Self, seconded Mark G.<br>
<br>
No further nominations.<br>
Nick B elected Vice-President unopposed.</p>
<li><p><b>Secretary</b><br>
Nominations:<br>
Peter L nominates Self, seconded Harry Mc.<br>
<br>
No further nominations.<br>
Peter L elected Secretary unopposed.</p>
<li><p><b>Treasurer</b><br>
Nominations:<br>
Tim W nominated Mark G, seconded Harry Mc.<br>
<br>
No further nominations.<BR>
Mark G elected Treasurer unopposed.</p>
<li><b>OCMs</b><br>
The following members were accepted onto the committee as OCMs:
<ul>
<li>Patrick C
<li>Alastair I
</ul>
</ul>
<p><b>Standing orders resumed.</b>
<p><b>Meeting closed at 20:29.</b>
