---
title: AGM Archive 2021
---

# PLUG Annual General Meeting Minutes for 2021

* Venue: Spacecubed.com, 45 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000
* Time: Tuesday 12th January 2021 at 7:00 PM


## Agenda
0. Opening.(Starting 7:00 PM sharp)
1. Confirmation of the Minutes of the 2020 AGM
2. Committee Reports. (Including accounts)
3. Election of 2020 Committee.
4. General Business.
5. Meeting Close.


## 0. Meeting Opening at 19:05 PM by NB
Attendance
* Nick Bannon
* James Henstridge
* Paul A
* Peter Lyons
* Margaret Wood
* Michael Collins
* Niall Navin
* Steve Schrader
* Sarah Allard
Apologies
* Benjamin Arntzen
* Michel Nzikou

Nick: Thanks to our venue Sponsor: Spacecubed and thanks for the use of their “Riff” space for no cost. Come to the Open Week, starting Monday 2021-02-08: https://events.humanitix.com/spacecubed-open-week-intro-to-flex-working


## 1. Confirmation of the minutes of the previous AGM.
* https://plugorgau.github.io/events/AGM/2020/
* Moved by Nick and seconded by Margaret
* Passed without dissent.


## 2. Committee Reports.
1. President’s Report: (unable to attend)
2. Chair Report:
   * Thank you to the outgoing committee
   * 2020 was good to us, here in Perth! PLUG’s events continued as scheduled, with a few extra online showings - thanks to UCC’s BigBlueButton instance
   * We uploaded more seminar talks, James published a bbb-render to record the BBB streams to a single video file using gstreamer editing services - as used as GUADEC; and there have been community contributions to add start/end titles
3. Secretary Report:
    * [Secretarys_Report-2021.pdf (37 KiB)](/documents/2021/Secretarys_Report-2021.pdf)
4. Treasurer's Report:
    * [Treasurers_Report-2020.pdf (179 KiB)](/documents/2021/Treasurers_Report-2020.pdf)


## 3. Election of 2021 Committee.
The Nominations are:
* Chairperson:
  * Benjamin - elected
  * Nick (withdrawn)
* Vice Chairperson:
  * Benjamin (elected to other position)
  * Nick (withdrawn)
  * Michel
  * Patrick - elected
* Secretary:
  * Nick (withdrawn)
  * Margaret - elected
  * Paul (withdrawn)
* Treasurer:
  * Nick
  * Peter - elected
  * Paul
* OCM:
  * Benjamin (elected to other position)
  * Nick - elected
  * Michel
  * Patrick (elected to other position)
  * Peter (elected to other position)
  * Margaret (elected to other position)
  * James - elected
  * Paul - elected

Election results:
* Chairperson: Benjamin Arntzen
* Vice Chairperson: Patrick Cody
* Secretary: Margaret Wood
* Treasurer: Peter Lyons
* OCM: Nick Bannon, Paul A, James Henstridge


## 4. General Business.
* Steve: put forward a thing for a car rally(scavenger type event). He wants to know what members to think, when and how much.
  * Sunday morning would be better and possibly in April.
  * $10-20 entry? BYO BBQ? PLUG banner?
* Michael: Every month or quarterly let’s have a jitsi party online to chat and catch up.
  * It's free, come hang out online. Hosted by jitsi.perthchat.org!
* Peter: AV Hardware and Software refresh? HDMI Capture cards?


## 5. Meeting Close at 20:39 PM by NB

