---
title: SGM Minutes 2024
date: 2024-10-08
---

## PLUG SGM, Tuesday 2024-10-08
- Perth Linux Users Group Special General Meeting
- Venue: Spacecubed.com / Riff
  - 45 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000

0. Pizza and Drinks
1. Opening starts at 7:00PM sharp
2. Acknowledgement and thanks for previous committee members and their support is appreciated.
3. Committee Reports
4. Committee nominations of Chair and Treasurer
- We made a call-out on 2024-07-09 for members will to help us fill our casual vacancies, helping organsing and prompting the monthly events
5. General business
6. Meeting close

- Attendance
  - Nick Bannon
  - Paul D
  - Harry McNally
  - James Henstridge
  - Jacek Korneluk 
  - Shan Sharif
  - Chris Caston
  - Wyatt Teakle
  - Dan Buzzard

- Apologies
  - None

- 26 current members, quorum is the square root (or 20%)...
  - Quorum: 5.1 members. We have a quorum.

### 1. Opening: 19:09

### 2. Acknowledgement and thanks for previous committee members and support.

### 3. Committee Reports (including accounts)
  - Vice Chair:
    - We urgently need volunteers for the core operation of PLUG.
 
  - Finance:
    - Bank balances: Bank Savings $3032.25 and Debit Card $135.56

### 4. Elections
- Nominations:
  - Nominations for Chair and Treasurer will be taken from the floor.

- Treasurer position
  - Call for nominations from floor
  - Paul D self nominated
    - Paul is elected.

- Chair position
  - Call for nominations from the floor
  - Harry McNally nominated by Nick
    - Harry is elected.

- Vice Chair position
  - After discussion, Nick Bannon resigns as Vice Chair but remains as OCM.
  - Call for nominations for the Vice Chair position
  - Wyatt Teakle nominated by Nick
   - Wyatt is elected.

- Call for ordinary committee members
  - Jacek Korneluk nominated by Harry
      - Jacek is elected.

### 5. General Business
- Adding changing bank-signatories
- Adding changing committee mailing list

### 6. Meeting Close 20:00

Post meeting ideas
- Discussion of demand for Linux installations
- Linux industry visits
- Social outings
- Advocacy from Linux Australia
- What is campaigning effort and push for participation
