---
title: AGM Minutes 2025
date: 2025-01-14
---

<!--more-->
# PLUG AGM 2025

## -2. Preparation
 - send final mailout

## -1. Attendees and apologies
 - Present:
   - Dan Buzzard
   - Harry McNally 
   - Jacek Korneluk 
   - James Henstridge 
   - Nick Bannon (online)
   - Wyatt (online) 
 - Apologies:
   - Lochran Huck 
   - Margaret Wood
   - Paul D
 - Non members:
     - Karoline Kolman
     - Lawrence Lau

## 0. Quorum met, meeting opened 19:00

## 1. Acceptance of 2024 AGM Minutes

  *  https://www.plug.org.au/events/AGM/2024/
  * Proposed by James, seconded by Dan. Passed. 

## 2. Committee Reports

- Chair Harry McNally
> My election as chair was mid-year so this report addresses our new work in the latter half of 2024.
> 
> As is now more widely known, Peter Lyons became unwell and information for handover fell behind. The last few months have been re-establishing access to records to prepare for the new 2025 committee.
>
> I would like to thank all of the members for their input during my time on to committee and to previous committee members who contributed in the first half of 2024.
> 
> Discussions about activities for 2025 have sought feedback from members and planning commenced. There are still more talks to plan and restating PLUG's aims as an educational association.

> Committee members have reported renewed interest for Linux from a new audience and the feedback is for introductory level training and talks. I look forward to the 2025 committee accepting the plans as a work in progress.


- Treasurer's Report
  - Financial Information from 2024-01-01 to 2025-01-13
  - Incoming credit.
    - Memberships new/renewals. Including donations.	$800.
  - Outgoing debit.
  - Amazon Server Hosting	$749.93
  - Food Drinks for Events	$490.35
  - Misc Artifactory Reject etc	$177.89

  - Bank account statements:
    - Bank Account savings	$3002.25
    - Debit Card 	$178.78
    - Cash Box	$386
	
  - Biggest cost Hosting, and Memberships are only just in front.

## 3. Election of 2025 Committee

Nominations ahead of AGM:
  * Chair:
    - ??
  * Vice Chair:
    - Wyatt
  * Secretary:
    - ??
  * Treasurer:
    - Paul
  * OCM:
    - Nick
    - Paul

Elections:
  * Chair:
    - James
  * Vice Chair:
    - Nick
  * Secretary:
    - Wyatt
  * Treasurer:
    - Paul
  * OCM:
    - ~~Nick~~
    - ~~Paul~~
    - Jacek
    - Harry
    - Dan
      

- Get list of placeholder events via calendar
- Call people to canvas interest and how they want to do it
- structure events around what people have the most interest in.
- Ask people you call what kind of activities they would like to do in PLUG

## 4. General Business
- Affirm and finalise our declaration to the Tax Office before the March deadline.

- Alastair wishes to acknowledge the contributions of the late Peter Lyons as a member of PLUG and as Treasurer over a number of years. Alastair requests that he address the meeting but, if he is unable to attend, the Chair will make the acknowledgement on his behalf.

- Wyatt on behalf of PLUG will be helping the UWA Club, PROSH, set up Laptops and computers running linux for them to write articles and create graphics for their Newspaper. This will occur in March. In exchange, we will be mentioned as a supporter of the paper in their next edition, which is handed out through the streets of Perth.

- Wyatt will be hosting a stall at the Geraldton platform markets, showing off various devices with Linux installed and handing out pamphlets.

   * Looks good: should go on PLUG calendar and Meetup.

- Jacek wants clarity about what is happening over the course of the year and if we can set up some regular activities that enthusiasts can participate in. Entry level activities for those that are less technically minded.

* Work to solidify February event
* New committee to decide when to hold committee meetings with third tuesday as default.
* Jacek asked to add Design, Tech and Innovation Trade Show to calendar. Everyone seemed happy to advertise on Calendar and list.

## Meeting closed at 20:05

